^^^
You can craft an antique atlas to open your world map to track where you've been.
Broadswords, because of their crude form, are incapable of casting spells or skills.
Backpacks allow for storing and transportation of lots of items at once.
Enchantments are limited to a max of tier III.
Lembas bread is the most filling food in the game. One small bite can fill the stomach of a grown man!
Soul forges can be used to make your equipment unbreakable, but at a hefty cost.
Sleeping now speeds up time, allowing for faster smelting and crop growing.
Sawmills and stonecutters can be used to craft wood and stone blocks for efficiently.
Ashen Steel can be used to craft higher tiers of armor, in place of iron.
Death is only temporary. You will return.
Ancient teeth can be found in buried treasure, and can be used to craft tridents.
Enchantment guides are only found in the most ancient of cities.
Mythril is the most precious metal in the world. As light as a feather, and as hard and dragon scales.
Tamed creatures and beasts can fight for you in battle.
Typically, the faster the weapon, the shorter the reach it provides.
Compasses, altimeters, clocks, and atlases will provide all the information you need about where you are in the world.
Heart crystals can be found in caverns, find enough fragments and you can get another permanent heart.
You are the Valcon Knight. You will serve your gods well.
Cupid arrows can be used to breed animals free of charge.
There are rumours of precious materials being found below fairy rings in plains and forests.
Forged out of lead, bolts can be use to enhance a crossbow's damage.
Wolfs love zombie flesh!
You can craft enchantments of all tiers at a great cost.
The elytra has been returned to the void, where it belongs.
The Shadow Islands and Netherrealm contain dangerous terrain to traverse, along with many hostile ancients...
Quivers and rune pouches can be used to store ammo for archery and spells.
Sometimes you can find bridges littered across the world. Who knows who built them?
Drown your woes in beer! Or other drinks, if that's your thing.
Your spawn point will always land in a plains biome.
The Nameless King is a fast and powerful boss, take any window of opportunity you can with them.
Spiders become dangerous the deeper you go, lest you dwell in the dark...
Campfires and heart lanterns will heal you regardless of your hunger.
Try out customising your avatar in the main menu!
Join our support discord if you've got any questions, or suggestions!
Copper horns are capable of being binded to a horse, and calling them to you.
Ventar are this world's currency, collect enough and you'll be able to trade for various items and materials.
Pet collars can be used on respawn anchors to resurrect your pets.
Try using a mechanical press on ingots to get their sheet form.
Press [Button 4] on your mouse to dodge roll.
Architect's and Geographer's compass can located any structure or biome respectively.
The piglins have united under one tribe known as The Order of The Axe.
Schematicannons can build any schematic you have, as long as you provide their necessary resources.
Also try Starfell: The Second Knight!
Also try Raspberry Flavoured!
Also try Melatonin!
Also try Vanilla Tea!
Looking at a mob or a block with a spyglass will give you details about said it.
Mobs drop their souls upon their demise, these soul points can be used for things like enchanting or skills.
Illagers of the Iron Covenant drop ventar upon death.
Waystones can be used for fast travel in exchange for soul points.
Mythril Cores can be used to craft waystones.
Cutting grass with a knife with yield straw that can be crafted into canvas.
Looking for a challenge? Try apocalypse+ mode!
Struggling with a boss? Learn their attack patterns to stylishly dodge them.
Cutting boards typically yield better results when crafting.
if you don't sleep, corrupted ravens will swoop down and attack ou.
Echo shards are needed in order to craft eyes of shadow.
Press [K] to open up your skill tree.
Relics and artifacts are magic items that give you unique abilities and buffs.
Snuffles are cute snow puppies that can be found in tundra biomes.
Idols can be found in archaeological ruins, and can change the current weather event.
Flower crowns are a thing you can craft.
All kinds of creatures now have new variants and looks.
Press [SHIFT] to compare equipment to the piece you currently have equipped.
Use a skillet or a cooking pot to make all new food items.
Most items have had their durability buffed.
New items will be highlighted in your inventory.
Each player will have their own set of loot for each chest.
Cave carrots are an easy way to get find food underground.
Dried ghasts can be found in the nether. Drop them into water to hydrate them.
Trial chamber vaults with automatically re-stock overtime.
if you're struggling to craft an item, use the recipe viewer to check the recipe.
Blaze royalty, known as wildfires, can be found scarcely in the netherrealm.
The Nameless King resides in the netherrealm, travelers say that you can hear whispers if you get close enough to his resting place...
The great watchtower of Dol'Naer has long since been abandoned, yet they say an infernal wrath stirs atop the ruins...",
Beware of dragons!
There are tales of wanderers being eaten by a giant snowy beast in the midst of blizzards.
Careful when traversing the deserts, lest you awaken the great earth eaters.
Thanks to NineRavens, GrayGravity, SociopathicFungusGirl, Noelle, Raspmary, CWdotpng, MysterWobble, and my community for their encouragement, inspiration, support, and help making this pack.
^^^