Hello, if you are reading this, you enjoy snooping in files! Well, I guess you have a reason to snoop in files after all considering you found this.
My name is Ivory, I'm the developer of Starfell I and II, and maybe III if I full flesh out the story for a full trilogy. I think that would be a lot of fun!
This message isn't addressed to anyone in particular, and you shouldn't feel bad for finding it.
Anyway, why am I writing this here? For my own well-being, I don't care who reads this, I'm simply putting on thoughts into words and putting them out there. I ask kindly that you don't openly point towards this message and point it out, it's just a little extra, you know? Just for you and anyone else who found it. But if you want to, feel free to message me about this, I won't be upset.

I'll start off by saying that I made Starfell because I wanted to make a game, specifically my perfect game I would want. I like to view Minecraft as an engine, rather than a game. And I don't mean that as in the "Minecraft is the perfect potential game!" kind of way.
I honestly don't really play Minecraft anymore, I make mods and modpacks for it, but I rarely actually play the game. Sure maybe I'll hop on a server with my friends for a week or two, but I don't think this is a two-week Minecraft phase kind of thing, if that makes sense.
Because of this, I struggle to playtest my projects, and so I have people who enjoy my projects do it for me. I recognize that sounds a little odd, but whatever. One of my great friends Apenaz has been a great help in testing Starfell I, the pack you found this in.
If you've ever given any feedback or suggestions on anything of mine, just know that I appreciate you so much, seriously. It's very difficult for me to play like a "player" for a lack of a better word, I know this is a thing that a lot of developers struggle with, but still.

Working on Starfell has been one of my favorite hobbies, and I'm so glad to be able to bring my now fiancé in to help with the world building and story writing. But sometimes I do get a little self-conscious over it like anyone does with their work.
A few of my biggest inspirations have been Elden Ring, Ninja Gaiden 4, Nine Sols, and the entire Devil May Cry franchise. To say the least if you've noticed, I very much enjoy edgy characters when done right. Two of my favorite characters of all time are Nero and Yi from Devil May Cry and Nine Sols as I stated.
The key is when done right though, and I am very scared that I haven't written them effectively. I didn't design them with the idea to be edgy or withdrawn, but they became that way because of my vision for them.
Sometimes I sit at my desk wondering that when I release this pack, it'll be viewed negatively because of these "edgy" characters, especially because they happen to be one of the main characters. It is tiring to fear what people will think of my project when they see it fully.

This next section will contain some darker topics such as suicidal ideation. If you cannot handle those, I suggest you leave here, there will be no censorship with my words.

Starfell has been one of the few major things keeping me going. I've worked on it as a whole for three years now, and to say the least, I'm scared of leaving it, finishing it or otherwise.
I won't lie here, there have been times when I didn't want to live anymore, but out of fear of abandoning Starfell I kept going. I don't want to be known as the person who made an ambitious project that people were excited for, but ended up killing themselves halfway through the process.
I feel ashamed just thinking about a scenario like that, and I don't know if that's rational or not. On top of the fear aspect, I genuinely love Starfell and its world me and my fiancé have created, as I said I want to make my perfect game and story, and it is so much fun doing so.